On clean update binary proxies (#72)
ferrocene/criticalup: CHANGELOG.md

- Release instructions to README.

### Fixed

> - Running Clean command now also updates the binary proxies automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Running Clean command now ensures that there are no leftover unused binary proxies.
```
